one thing for sure specialize knows how
to make some good-looking mountain bikes
this one here's the specialized enduro
comp beautiful bike got Shimano XT
components all across box suspension on
the front and rock rocks on the rear
beautiful looking things particular one
is an all alloy frame but they do come
in carbon a blow as well as the S word
is it just kept in the rear cassette is
a 42 to these big as a plate massive
thing really good when you need to go up
some steep inclines awesome bike overall
let's definitely recommend having going
one of these I don't eat no meat no
dairy no sweets only ripe vegetables
fresh fruit and we all from the old
school my household smell like soul food
bruh curry falafel barbecue tofu no fish
don't okay
no cigarettes only guard your
fresh-squeezed juice from oranges